Add book chapter on persistence (#847)
openmls/openmls: book/src/user_manual/persistence.md

# Persistence of Group Data

The state of a given `MlsGroup` instance can be written or read at any time using the `.save()` or `.load()` functions respectively. The functions take as input a struct implementing either the `Write` (`.save()`) or `Read` (`.load()`) trait.

Since some group operations might or might not change the `MlsGroup` state depending on the context, the group maintains the `state_changed` flag, which is set to `true` whenever the state is changed by an `MlsGroup` function. The state of the flag can be queried using the `.state_changed()` function.

## Group Lockout Upon State Loss

> MLS provides strong Post-Compromise Security properties, which means that key material is regularly refreshed and old key material becomes stale very quickly. As a consequence, regularly persisting state is important, especially after the client has created a commit or issued an Update proposal, thus introducing new key material into the group. A loss of state in such a situation is only recoverable in specific cases, where the commit was rejected by the Distribution Service or if the proposed Update was not committed. To continue participating in a group after a loss of group state, a re-join is required in most cases. To avoid a loss of state and the associated re-join, persisting `MlsGroup` state after each state-changing group operation is highly recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLS provides strong Post-Compromise Security properties, which means that key material is regularly refreshed and old key material becomes stale very quickly. As a consequence, regularly persisting state is important, especially after the client has created a commit or issued an Update proposal, thus introducing new key material into the group. A loss of state in such a situation is only recoverable in specific cases, where the commit was rejected by the Delivery Service or if the proposed Update was not committed. To continue participating in a group after a loss of group state, a re-join is required in most cases. To avoid a loss of state and the associated re-join, persisting `MlsGroup` state after each state-changing group operation is mandatory.
```
